# smol developer fork

This is a fork of [smol-developer](https://github.com/smol-ai/developer) to make it more robust and smol. This will let you store just a few script files in your project that is powered by smol developer.

## Usage

It is expected that you have exported your OPENAI_API_KEY.

### Generate

**usage**: main.py [-h] [--directory DIRECTORY] [--file FILE] [prompt]

**positional arguments**:

- prompt The prompt to use for the AI. If not provided, it defaults to 'prompt.md'.

**options**:

- -h, --help show the help message and exit
- --directory DIRECTORY, -d DIRECTORY The directory to use for the generated content.
- --file FILE, -f FILE  Generates only the specified filename. If not provided the files in (directory)/filelist.txt will be generated. If this file doesn't exist it will be generated by the AI
- --coherent, -c Passes the previously generated files as context. Uses a ton of tokens as a result.

### Debug

The generated code will probably not work perfectly. Get suggestions with debugger.py.

**usage**: debugger.py [-h] [--directory DIRECTORY] [--model MODEL] prompt

**positional arguments**:

- prompt                The prompt to use for the AI. This should be the error message or issue you are facing.

**options**:

- -h, --help show the help message and exit
- --directory DIRECTORY, -d DIRECTORY The directory to use for the AI. This should be the directory containing the files you want to debug.
- --model MODEL, -m MODEL The model to use for the AI. This should be the model ID of the model you want to use.
